Welcome back. I'm Dr. Chaps. Joined at the return, a National Day of Prayer and Repentance in Washington, D.C., by a returning guest,
The president of promise keepers.
all all of the men who ever assembled especially back in the nineties when coach mccartney was leading big stadiums full of rallies full of men who love jesus.
Jesus, Jesus, Jesus.
Well now, be glad to meet Judge Vance Day who has taken over Promise Keepers. Vance, welcome to the program. Oh, thank you, Dr. Chaps. It's great to be with you. And you know,
You know,
Men.
are standing up all over this nation. That's what's so exciting. I mean, for you who love this program, understand that men are finally standing up.
Because we have too many chocolate soldiers you know that
What is a chocolate soldier? I'm not familiar with the term. That's very good. A chocolate soldier is a guy who doesn't understand that it's...
There's a quality above just being a nice guy.
Nice guys. God doesn't make nice guys.
He makes guys who are in love with Jesus. And when guys love Jesus, they provide, they protect, they plan with their families, they promote their families, and they play with them. They lead their lives.
their servant leaders. And finally, finally, God is bringing those men up from the ranks.
So we don't just give
Chocolate to our wives, we actually show them self-sacrifice and humility. As godly men, we are the protectors, the caretakers, the providers.
And we do all the things of fatherhood. You're building those values into a new generation of men through the mission of Promise Keepers. And next summer, July 17th.
July 16th and 17th in Dallas, Texas. Arlington, the heart of Dallas, Fort Worth. 2021. 2021.
There will be 80,000 guys in AT&T Stadium.
Dallas Cowboys. I'm not a big Dallas Cowboy fan, but I love the stadium. And so we're going to fill that thing. This summer we did a virtual event. We had a million guys watch it.
85 nations, all 50 states.
So guys are back. They understand that they need to step into the fight.
So wait a minute. You're saying I know we were scheduled to have a big rally in the Dallas Cowboy Stadium this year, but because of COVID,
You put it online and a million people watch this? Yep, it's free too.
So you just go to promisekeepers.org. That's promisekeepers.org. Click through the event.
You get a link, we got seven hours of it or you can take the four and a half hours, all free.
Awesome speakers. A lot of the musicians on this stage here played for promise keepers. Michael W Smith, Danny Gokey, Evan Phil Wickham.
Great speakers.
So don't miss it guys
and it's uh
Not only was it live streamed when it happened, it's available on replay. Yep, available on replay. Plus, the Promise Keepers app is now out.
so we have thousands of guys who got on the app.
And they're getting great content.
From all of our partners like crew and
and wingmen and and tons of ministries that just give us their content. we get it out to the guys.
So,
How is the return, which is this new event we're having today on the mall in Washington, D.C., similar or different than some of your Promise Keepers events?
That's a good question, Chaps. It really is because...
It really is important to understand that men
Have a have a mantle
Now, the return is calling us to repent and return to the Lord.
And when men do that,
They understand their identity is in Jesus Christ.
And once they discover that, it helps them with their purpose in life and their destiny. So the return is important so that men can understand who they are in Jesus' name.
Or in Jesus Christ. And then they become those servant leaders, the prophet and the priest to their family. Yeah.
And sacrificing themselves for their wives and their children.
So a lot of our guests have been quoting, uh, sing Chronicles 714 and this is a day of prayer and repentance. Talk about the repentance part of, uh,
Of this movement.
Well, repentance is the foundation.
for any proper turn back to God.
And we it has to start with men in the house because we haven't shown up on the battlefield.
We've let the women.
Do it.
And because of that, I love it.
My wife. She's a wonderful woman.
But she doesn't make men.
I make men.
Because my dad taught me how to be a man.
And the problem is there aren't many men who know how to be a man.
So they don't need, they don't know that they're
They're designed a certain way to step into the challenge and take dominion.
And so repentance starts that process.
And that's why Promise Keepers is part of an amazing movement.
Calling people back.
to an intimate relationship with Jesus Christ.
So you guys have books and materials. where do people find it? And and?
Is there like a program if I get the app that I would launch into? Sure.
You just go to promisekeepers.org.
Promisekeepers.org and you can go to the app, you download it and just things start, you meet guys.
If you get challenges each day, there's some competition type stuff.
I get on the app and hey that guy's beating me and i start working it oh my gosh i'm just competitive
All guys are.
We love to do that kind of stuff. But the key is that we form small groups of men.
and that challenge us and come, help us come to a place where we really are in love with Jesus.
We got to leave religion behind.
I mean,
We have to have a love relationship with Jesus Christ.
Does it also help, I know you guys happen to be meeting in Dallas, but
The event was simulcast in churches around America.
How can anybody in any city in America
Find one of those churches and participate great.
Great question. We have a simulcast network.
We got two months to shift to a virtual event. We built it out to 622.
Locations, we're going to build it up to about 2500 by this next summer. So you go to the, it's not up yet, but there'll be a map.
The United States and the world
where you can go and find the church that's receiving the simulcast. You don't have to come to Dallas. We want you to guys.
it's gonna be awesome.
But if you can't,
you go to one of those simulcast locations. I'm going to put it on my calendar for next year. Remind us the dates and how do I get tickets?
16th and 17th. That's a Friday night, all day Saturday. You go to promisekeepers.org. Promisekeepers.org. You just click through. You can buy the ticket.
A ticket and you're in.
Man, let's meet in Dallas next year.
I'm gonna plan to be there.
All right, I'm Dr. Chaps. This is Vance State, Promise Keepers President, the website promisekeepers.org. Download the app today.
Our website is PrayInJesusName.org. We also happen to have a podcast. You can download it to your iPhone, your Android. Visit PrayInJesusName.org.
njesusname.org and sign up for our app so you can get our content online.
If you need prayer today, call us at 866-Obey God.
We'll see you next time.
If Dr. Chaps needs your financial support to stay on the air, would you please send your best financial donation today? Please visit PrayInJesusName.org to donate online, or you can mail a check to PrayInJesus.org.
to pray in Jesus' name ministries. Post office box 77077, Colorado Springs, Colorado 80970. You can also call us toll free right now, 866-089-3333.
That's 866-O-B-E-Y-G-O-D. Please sign up for our free emails at PrayInJesusName.org. Again, that's PrayInJesusName.org. Thank you.